Adding constants for RDS Cluster EngineType and EngineMode (#595)
pulumi/pulumi-aws: CHANGELOG.md

=========

## HEAD (Unreleased)

> * Add constants for RDS Cluster EngineType and Engine Mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add constants for Aurora-based RDS Cluster `EngineType` and `EngineMode`
```
